Update the GitHub oauth configuration page (#2734)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_applying-the-github-oauth-app-secret.adoc

  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/oauth-scm-server: github
    che.eclipse.org/scm-server-endpoint: __<github_server_url>__ <2>
    che.eclipse.org/scm-github-disable-subdomain-isolation: 'false' <3>
type: Opaque
stringData:
  id: __<GitHub_OAuth_Client_ID>__ <4>
  secret: __<GitHub_OAuth_Client_Secret>__ <5>
----
<1> The {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.
<2> This depends on the GitHub product your organization is using: When hosting repositories on GitHub.com or GitHub Enterprise Cloud, omit this line or enter the default `https://github.com`. When hosting repositories on GitHub Enterprise Server, enter the GitHub Enterprise Server URL.

> <3> If you are using GitHub Enterprise Server with disabled link:https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option, you must set the annotation to `true`, otherwise you can either omit the annotation, or set it to 'true'.

Reviewer: @vinokurig smth. wrong with this sentence, please re-check

Author: Yes, thank you for the catch, committed your proposal.

> <3> If you are using GitHub Enterprise Server with disabled link:https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option, you must set the annotation to `true`, otherwise you can either omit the annotation, or set it to 'true'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> If you are using GitHub Enterprise Server with a disabled link:https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option, you must set the annotation to `true`, otherwise you can either omit the annotation or set it to `false`.
```

  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/oauth-scm-server: github
    che.eclipse.org/scm-server-endpoint: __<github_server_url>__ <2>

>     che.eclipse.org/scm-github-disable-subdomain-isolation: true <3>

Reviewer: can't we simply set default to `false` to avoid confusion?

Author: done

stringData:
  id: __<GitHub_OAuth_Client_ID>__ <3>
  secret: __<GitHub_OAuth_Client_Secret>__ <4>
----
<1> The {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.
<2> This depends on the GitHub product your organization is using: When hosting repositories on GitHub.com or GitHub Enterprise Cloud, omit this line or enter the default `https://github.com`. When hosting repositories on GitHub Enterprise Server, enter the GitHub Enterprise Server URL.
<3> The *GitHub OAuth Client ID*.
<4> The *GitHub OAuth Client Secret*.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you are using a GitHub Enterprise Server with disabled link:https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/configuration/hardening-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-subdomain-isolation#about-subdomain-isolation[subdomain isolation] option, you must add `che.eclipse.org/scm-github-disable-subdomain-isolation` annotation set to `"true"`.

> ====

Reviewer: @vinokurig this is a nice note, but I would probably leave line 39, but set it to false by default

Author: done
